
HAK5
HAK5 is a YouTube Channel that offers information about critical cybersecurity-related happenings. Topics such as why a user gets targeted by hackers, Question and Answer (Q&A) about hacking, DDoS Attack, and topics like configuring and flying a DIY 3D printed drone can be found on this channel.

NetworkChuck
NetworkChuck offers content related to hacking-related jobs, finding hidden URLs, building your engine, Python list and crypto mining, among others. The goal of this channel, as mentioned on their page, is to help people in their IT careers. They have over 2.4 million subscribers.

Cyberspatial
Cyberspatial, with over 181K subscribers, aims to help users learn cybersecurity faster, build a cybersecurity startup, modern cyber threats, keep digital life secure and many help topics. Cybersecurity education is explored in this channel with many playlists and videos.

The Cyber Mentor
The Cyber Mentor offers a pool of long and short videos that cover topics including learning Open-Source Intelligence in 5 hours, web application pentesting, various forms of ethical hacking and many others. This channel also creates videos about courses that users can learn from at a discounted cost.

Loi Liang Yang
Loi Liang Yang is a channel and also the YouTuber’s name who is a Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), Certified Ethical Hacker and CompTIA Security and a cybersecurity consultant. Some of the very informative tutorials offered on their channel elaborate upon how hackers crack any password, recover deleted files, advanced SQL injection and Kali Linux for Beginners. 

The PC Security Channel
The PC Security Channel is a window to all things related to cybersecurity. They have covered topics related to tech support scam installing RAT, how to know if your PC is hacked, Windows Defenders vs Ransomware 2023, Malwarebytes vs Ransomware, SMS Scams, best browser security and so on. This channel has over 249K subscribers and caters to a wide variety of cybersecurity-related content.

Top YouTube Channels for Cybersecurity in 2023
Being up to date with what is happening in the cybersecurity world is a must to avoid falling prey to cyber scams and alerting others. This list of top 10 cybersecurity YouTube Channels in 2023 can help get alerts about trending topics, digital news and what a user can do to avert cybercrime as far as possible.

John Hammond
John Hammond offers valuable videos related to hacking, cybersecurity Bootcamp, Solana protocol security assessment, Bruteforcing domain passwords, Unpacking UPX #shorts and Industry penetration testing.

LiveOverflow
LiveOverflow has video tutorials about hacking, capture the flag (CFT), mobile security, finding bugs, etc. 

13Cubed
13Cubed offers content related to unique aspects of cybersecurity and reviews about uncommon tools like YARA and other niche topics.

Computerphile
Computerphile caters to a wide array of topics about cybersecurity education. Some include artificial intelligence, computer graphics, data analysis, WiFi works, storing passwords, etc.

IppSec
IppSec helps viewers with easy-to-understand tutorials about HackTheBox, UHC and CTF, reversing malware, manually parsing bloodhound data with JQ, basic Linux memory forensic etc.

Hackersploit
Hackersploit also offers insights about ethical hacking, pentesting, cybersecurity courses, etc. With stark graphics, this channel covers web app penetration testing tutorials, Red team tutorials, and virtual labs about attacks and defense systems, among others.

Infosec
Infosec has been providing comprehensive cybersecurity education over the years. Some include cybersecurity career advice, training for amateurs, defending against cyber threats etc.

Security Now
Security Now talks about cybercrimes, offers professional advice, and shares news and details about application security, MS Office tools, data theft, etc.